P3 Milestone 1
Issues:
1. Player can get out of bounds and not get back
2. Player can jump under and near box
3. Player cant stick to walls or sides or platforms
4. Some scenarios with multiple double jumps
5. Player doesn't die
6. When in certain areas Enemies spawn too much
7. Lack visual indicators
8. Attacking is not obvious
9. The fact that the player is getting stronger is not obvious
10. More mechanisms and rougue-like features are needed
What we have done:
1. Use extra colliders to avoid crashing through the colliders
2. Avoid players to jump under and near the platforms
3. Turn off friction so that the player cannot stick to the platforms and walls
4. Reduce the distance between platforms
5. Add death and restart functionality to the player
6. Reduce the number of enemies that can be spawned in a certain area
7. Add more visual indicators
8. Add visual effect for attack and make the attack area larger
9. Add visual indicators for what changes are made to the player, eg. "can jump higher"
10. New mechanisms:
* A basic level-up functionality is done, where the player can choose an ability to become stronger
* More boons are added
* A basic item shop is added

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

P3 Milestone 2
Issues/Feedbacks of how to improve:
1. Having the direction of the mouse reflect where the player is attacking
2. Create some way to attack upwards
3. Play around with jumping on heads as a way to deal damage
4. Create more big boons
5. Let the play players start out picking a random big boon
6. Add sprites wherever sprites can be added
7. Generate pre-made rooms instead of procedualy generated platforms
8. Add a boss room
What we have done:
1&2. Meele attack is now done by attacking the direction of the mouse, so it can also attack upwards. An arrow is also added to indicate the attack direction.
3. Player can now jump on enemies' heads to attack them.
4. More big boons are added, and some of them can be upgraded if players get them again.
   The big boons we have now includes:
   i. Auto tracking projectiles (upgrade to increase damage/reduce CD/increase projectiles speed)
   ii. Missle attack (right click to use; also shoot to the direction of the mouse; upgrade to increase damage/reduce CD/increase projectiles speed)
   iii. Double jump (cannot upgrade)
   iv. Dash (left shift to use; cannot upgrade)
   v. Temporary shield (avoid damage for several times; recover after cool down; upgrade to increase the shield times/reduce CD)
5. Now the player can get an initial big boon when the game start
6. Sprites and visual effects are added:
   i. Sprites and animations are added to meele attack, projectiles, missle attack and the shield
   ii. Animations are added to indicate that the enemies are being attacked
   iii. Player sprite was added
7. Room Generation replaced procedualy generated platforms. This gives a more human and thought out element to the game. And allows us to pump out many more rooms for the next iteration.
   i. Currently 10 rooms are supported and cycled through
8. A boss room is added once the player has passed 10 room spawns (this occours around score 238)
   i. The boss is tougher than any other enemy the player has faced.
9. After the boss is defeated the player is allowed to repeat the whole process and cycle through another 10 rooms getting stronger until they die.
10. Vertical Parallaxing was implemented in the background to give the illusion of upward movement for the player.
